none A 
none NAME 
none Aleph 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Aleph 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none ox 
none ac 
none uk 
none activities 
none machlearn 
none Aleph 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none ox 
none ac 
none uk 
none activities 
none machlearn 
none Aleph 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description document 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description reference 
x-nlu-description information 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description Learning 
x-nlu-description Engine 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Proposing 
x-nlu-description Hypotheses 
x-nlu-description Aleph 
x-nlu-description Aleph 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description Inductive 
x-nlu-description Logic 
x-nlu-description Programming 
x-nlu-description ILP 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description Aleph 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description intended 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description prototype 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description exploring 
x-nlu-description ideas 
x-nlu-description Aleph 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description ILP 
x-nlu-description algorithm 
x-nlu-description implemented 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Prolog 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description Dr 
x-nlu-description Ashwin 
x-nlu-description Srinivasan 
x-nlu-description at 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Oxford 
x-nlu-description University 
x-nlu-description Computing 
x-nlu-description Laboratory 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description specifically 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description compilation 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description YAP 
x-nlu-description Prolog 
x-nlu-description compiler 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none CBR 
none Microprograms 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Microprograms 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none indiana 
none edu 
none leake 
none cbr 
none code 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none indiana 
none edu 
none leake 
none cbr 
none code 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
none P 
none A 
x-nlu-description collection 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description case 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description reasoning 
x-nlu-description micro 
x-nlu-description versions 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description dissertation 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description were 
x-nlu-description developed 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description pedagogical 
x-nlu-description purposes 
x-nlu-description These 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description meant 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description distill 
x-nlu-description key 
x-nlu-description aspects 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description original 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description into 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description form 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description easily 
x-nlu-description understood 
x-nlu-description modified 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description extended 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Chess 
none In 
none List 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Chess 
none In 
none Lisp 
none CIL 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none found 
none as 
none part 
none of 
none the 
none CLOCC 
none archive 
none at 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none clocc 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none clocc 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description CIL 
x-nlu-description Chess 
x-nlu-description In 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description foundation 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description Common 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description implementaion 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description all 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description core 
x-nlu-description functions 
x-nlu-description needed 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description chess 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description main 
x-nlu-description purpose 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description CIL 
x-nlu-description project 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description get 
x-nlu-description AI 
x-nlu-description researchers 
x-nlu-description interested 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description using 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description work 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description chess 
x-nlu-description domain 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none clasp 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none clasp 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none uni 
none potsdam 
none de 
none clasp 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none uni 
none potsdam 
none de 
none clasp 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description clasp 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description answer 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description solver 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description extended 
x-nlu-description normal 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description combines 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description high 
x-nlu-description level 
x-nlu-description modeling 
x-nlu-description capacities 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description answer 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description ASP 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description state 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description art 
x-nlu-description techniques 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description area 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Boolean 
x-nlu-description constraint 
x-nlu-description solving 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description primary 
x-nlu-description clasp 
x-nlu-description algorithm 
x-nlu-description relies 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description conflict 
x-nlu-description driven 
x-nlu-description nogood 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description technique 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description proved 
x-nlu-description very 
x-nlu-description successful 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description satisfiability 
x-nlu-description checking 
x-nlu-description SAT 
x-nlu-description Unlike 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description ASP 
x-nlu-description solvers 
x-nlu-description clasp 
x-nlu-description does 
x-nlu-description not 
x-nlu-description rely 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description legacy 
x-nlu-description software 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description SAT 
x-nlu-description solver 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description any 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description existing 
x-nlu-description ASP 
x-nlu-description solver 
x-nlu-description Rather 
x-nlu-description clasp 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description been 
x-nlu-description genuinely 
x-nlu-description developed 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description answer 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description solving 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description conflict 
x-nlu-description driven 
x-nlu-description nogood 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description clasp 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description applied 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description ASP 
x-nlu-description solver 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description LPARSE 
x-nlu-description output 
x-nlu-description format 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description SAT 
x-nlu-description solver 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description simplified 
x-nlu-description DIMACS 
x-nlu-description CNF 
x-nlu-description format 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description PB 
x-nlu-description solver 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description OPB 
x-nlu-description format 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none ConceptNet 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none ConceptNet 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none conceptnet 
none media 
none mit 
none edu 
none http 
none conceptnet 
none media 
none mit 
none edu 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Old 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none web 
none media 
none mit 
none edu 
none hugo 
none conceptnet 
none http 
none web 
none media 
none mit 
none edu 
none hugo 
none conceptnet 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description ConceptNet 
x-nlu-description aims 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description give 
x-nlu-description computers 
x-nlu-description access 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description common 
x-nlu-description sense 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description kind 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description information 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description ordinary 
x-nlu-description people 
x-nlu-description know 
x-nlu-description but 
x-nlu-description usually 
x-nlu-description leave 
x-nlu-description unstated 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description data 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description ConceptNet 
x-nlu-description was 
x-nlu-description collected 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description ordinary 
x-nlu-description people 
x-nlu-description who 
x-nlu-description contributed 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description over 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Web 
x-nlu-description ConceptNet 
x-nlu-description represents 
x-nlu-description this 
x-nlu-description data 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description form 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description semantic 
x-nlu-description network 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description makes 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description available 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description used 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description natural 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description processing 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description intelligent 
x-nlu-description user 
x-nlu-description interfaces 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description API 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description code 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description access 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description both 
x-nlu-description ConceptNet 
x-nlu-description 3 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description database 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description will 
x-nlu-description become 
x-nlu-description ConceptNet 
x-nlu-description 4 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description natural 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description necessary 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description work 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description uses 
x-nlu-description Django 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description interacting 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description database 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none ERESYE 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none ERESYE 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none projects 
none eresye 
none http 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none projects 
none eresye 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Tutorial 
none A 
none HREF 
x-nlu-url http 
x-nlu-description www 
x-nlu-description trapexit 
x-nlu-description org 
x-nlu-description Artificial 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description Intelligence 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description Erlang 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description Domain 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description Relatives 
x-nlu-description http 
x-nlu-description www 
x-nlu-description trapexit 
x-nlu-description org 
x-nlu-description Artificial 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description Intelligence 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description Erlang 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description Domain 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description Relatives 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description ERESYE 
x-nlu-description means 
x-nlu-description ERlang 
x-nlu-description Expert 
x-nlu-description SYstem 
x-nlu-description Engine 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description write 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description rule 
x-nlu-description processing 
x-nlu-description engines 
x-nlu-description using 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Erlang 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description allows 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description create 
x-nlu-description multiple 
x-nlu-description engines 
x-nlu-description each 
x-nlu-description one 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description its 
x-nlu-description own 
x-nlu-description facts 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description processed 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none FFLL 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none FFLL 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none ffll 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none ffll 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description Free 
x-nlu-description Fuzzy 
x-nlu-description Logic 
x-nlu-description Library 
x-nlu-description FFLL 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description open 
x-nlu-description source 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description class 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description API 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description optimized 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description speed 
x-nlu-description critical 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description video 
x-nlu-description games 
x-nlu-description FFLL 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description able 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description load 
x-nlu-description files 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description adhere 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description IEC 
x-nlu-description 61131 
x-nlu-description 7 
x-nlu-description standard 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none FLiP 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none FLiP 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none staff 
none washington 
none edu 
none jon 
none flip 
none www 
none http 
none staff 
none washington 
none edu 
none jon 
none flip 
none www 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Flip 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description logical 
x-nlu-description framework 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description logical 
x-nlu-description framework 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description defining 
x-nlu-description logics 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description writing 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description theorem 
x-nlu-description provers 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description checker 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description different 
x-nlu-description logics 
x-nlu-description Flip 
x-nlu-description comes 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description several 
x-nlu-description You 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description add 
x-nlu-description another 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description add 
x-nlu-description axioms 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description derived 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description writing 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description module 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description both 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description object 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description metalanguage 
x-nlu-description Formulas 
x-nlu-description inference 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description entire 
x-nlu-description proofs 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description expressions 
x-nlu-description Prover 
x-nlu-description commands 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description functions 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Fuzzy 
none sets 
none for 
none Ada 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Fuzzy 
none sets 
none for 
none Ada 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none dmitry 
none kazakov 
none de 
none ada 
none fuzzy 
none htm 
none http 
none www 
none dmitry 
none kazakov 
none de 
none ada 
none fuzzy 
none htm 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Freshmeat 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none freshmeat 
none net 
none projects 
none fuzzy 
none http 
none freshmeat 
none net 
none projects 
none fuzzy 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Fuzzy 
x-nlu-description sets 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Ada 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description providing 
x-nlu-description implementations 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description confidence 
x-nlu-description factors 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description operations 
x-nlu-description not 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description xor 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description classical 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description sets 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description theoretic 
x-nlu-description operations 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description operations 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description possibility 
x-nlu-description theory 
x-nlu-description intuitionistic 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description sets 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description operations 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description them 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description intuitionistic 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description sets 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description possibility 
x-nlu-description theory 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description numbers 
x-nlu-description both 
x-nlu-description integer 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description floating 
x-nlu-description point 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description conventional 
x-nlu-description arithmetical 
x-nlu-description operations 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description linguistic 
x-nlu-description variables 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description sets 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description linguistic 
x-nlu-description variables 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description operations 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description them 
x-nlu-description String 
x-nlu-description oriented 
x-nlu-description I 
x-nlu-description O 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description supported 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none HTK 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none HTK 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none htk 
none eng 
none cam 
none ac 
none uk 
none htk 
none eng 
none cam 
none ac 
none uk 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description Hidden 
x-nlu-description Markov 
x-nlu-description Model 
x-nlu-description Toolkit 
x-nlu-description HTK 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description portable 
x-nlu-description toolkit 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description building 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description manipulating 
x-nlu-description hidden 
x-nlu-description Markov 
x-nlu-description models 
x-nlu-description HTK 
x-nlu-description consists 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description modules 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description available 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description source 
x-nlu-description form 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description provide 
x-nlu-description sophisticated 
x-nlu-description facilities 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description speech 
x-nlu-description analysis 
x-nlu-description HMM 
x-nlu-description training 
x-nlu-description testing 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description results 
x-nlu-description analysis 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description software 
x-nlu-description supports 
x-nlu-description HMMs 
x-nlu-description using 
x-nlu-description both 
x-nlu-description continuous 
x-nlu-description density 
x-nlu-description mixture 
x-nlu-description Gaussians 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description discrete 
x-nlu-description distributions 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description used 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description build 
x-nlu-description complex 
x-nlu-description HMM 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description HTK 
x-nlu-description release 
x-nlu-description contains 
x-nlu-description extensive 
x-nlu-description documentation 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description examples 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none JCK 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none JCK 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none pms 
none informatik 
none uni 
none muenchen 
none de 
none software 
none jack 
none www 
none pms 
none informatik 
none uni 
none muenchen 
none de 
none software 
none jack 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description JCK 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description providing 
x-nlu-description constraint 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description search 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description JCK 
x-nlu-description consists 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description three 
x-nlu-description components 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description JCHR 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description Constraint 
x-nlu-description Handling 
x-nlu-description Rules 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description high 
x-nlu-description level 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description write 
x-nlu-description constraint 
x-nlu-description solvers 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description JASE 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description Abstract 
x-nlu-description Search 
x-nlu-description Engine 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description generic 
x-nlu-description search 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description JCHR 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description solve 
x-nlu-description constraint 
x-nlu-description problems 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description VisualCHR 
x-nlu-description An 
x-nlu-description interactive 
x-nlu-description tool 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description visualize 
x-nlu-description JCHR 
x-nlu-description computations 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description Source 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description documentation 
x-nlu-description available 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description link 
x-nlu-description above 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none KANREN 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none KANREN 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none kanren 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none kanren 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description KANREN 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description declarative 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description first 
x-nlu-description class 
x-nlu-description relations 
x-nlu-description embedded 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description pure 
x-nlu-description functional 
x-nlu-description subset 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Scheme 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description theoretical 
x-nlu-description semantics 
x-nlu-description true 
x-nlu-description unions 
x-nlu-description fair 
x-nlu-description scheduling 
x-nlu-description first 
x-nlu-description class 
x-nlu-description relations 
x-nlu-description lexically 
x-nlu-description scoped 
x-nlu-description logical 
x-nlu-description variables 
x-nlu-description depth 
x-nlu-description first 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description iterative 
x-nlu-description deepening 
x-nlu-description strategies 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description achieves 
x-nlu-description high 
x-nlu-description performance 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description expressivity 
x-nlu-description without 
x-nlu-description cuts 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none LK 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none LK 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none utoronto 
none ca 
none neto 
none research 
none lk 
none www 
none cs 
none utoronto 
none ca 
none neto 
none research 
none lk 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description LK 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description implementation 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Lin 
x-nlu-description Kernighan 
x-nlu-description heuristic 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Traveling 
x-nlu-description Salesman 
x-nlu-description Problem 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description minimum 
x-nlu-description weight 
x-nlu-description perfect 
x-nlu-description matching 
x-nlu-description problem 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description tuned 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description 2 
x-nlu-description d 
x-nlu-description geometric 
x-nlu-description instances 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description been 
x-nlu-description applied 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description certain 
x-nlu-description instances 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description up 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description million 
x-nlu-description cities 
x-nlu-description Also 
x-nlu-description included 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description instance 
x-nlu-description generators 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Perl 
x-nlu-description scripts 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description munging 
x-nlu-description TSPLIB 
x-nlu-description instances 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description implementation 
x-nlu-description introduces 
x-nlu-description efficient 
x-nlu-description cluster 
x-nlu-description compensation 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description experimental 
x-nlu-description algorithmic 
x-nlu-description technique 
x-nlu-description intended 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description make 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Lin 
x-nlu-description Kernighan 
x-nlu-description heuristic 
x-nlu-description more 
x-nlu-description robust 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description face 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description clustered 
x-nlu-description data 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none LingPipe 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none LingPipe 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none alias 
none i 
none com 
none lingpipe 
none http 
none alias 
none i 
none com 
none lingpipe 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description LingPipe 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description state 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description art 
x-nlu-description suite 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description natural 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description processing 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description performs 
x-nlu-description tokenization 
x-nlu-description sentence 
x-nlu-description detection 
x-nlu-description named 
x-nlu-description entity 
x-nlu-description detection 
x-nlu-description coreference 
x-nlu-description resolution 
x-nlu-description classification 
x-nlu-description clustering 
x-nlu-description part 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description speech 
x-nlu-description tagging 
x-nlu-description general 
x-nlu-description chunking 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description dictionary 
x-nlu-description matching 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Logfun 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Logfun 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none irisa 
none fr 
none lande 
none ferre 
none logfun 
none http 
none www 
none irisa 
none fr 
none lande 
none ferre 
none logfun 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Logfun 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description functors 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description functor 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description function 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description applied 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description zero 
x-nlu-description one 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description several 
x-nlu-description logics 
x-nlu-description so 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description produce 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description combination 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description argument 
x-nlu-description logics 
x-nlu-description Each 
x-nlu-description argument 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description itself 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description built 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description combination 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description functors 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description signature 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description made 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description parser 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description printer 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description formulas 
x-nlu-description logical 
x-nlu-description operations 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description theorem 
x-nlu-description prover 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description entailment 
x-nlu-description between 
x-nlu-description formulas 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description more 
x-nlu-description specific 
x-nlu-description operations 
x-nlu-description required 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description Logical 
x-nlu-description Information 
x-nlu-description Systems 
x-nlu-description LIS 
x-nlu-description Logic 
x-nlu-description functors 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description concrete 
x-nlu-description domains 
x-nlu-description like 
x-nlu-description integers 
x-nlu-description strings 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description algebraic 
x-nlu-description combinators 
x-nlu-description like 
x-nlu-description product 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description sum 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description logics 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Logic 
x-nlu-description functors 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description coded 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description Objective 
x-nlu-description Caml 
x-nlu-description modules 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description semantics 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description associated 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description each 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description these 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description functors 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description enables 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description define 
x-nlu-description properties 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description logics 
x-nlu-description like 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description consistency 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description completeness 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description entailment 
x-nlu-description prover 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description prove 
x-nlu-description under 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description conditions 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description generated 
x-nlu-description entailement 
x-nlu-description prover 
x-nlu-description satisfies 
x-nlu-description these 
x-nlu-description properties 
x-nlu-description given 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description properties 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description argument 
x-nlu-description logics 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Loom 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Loom 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none isi 
none edu 
none isd 
none LOOM 
none http 
none www 
none isi 
none edu 
none isd 
none LOOM 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
none P 
none Note 
none Loom 
none has 
none been 
none succeeded 
none by 
none A 
none HREF 
none PowerLoom 
none PowerLoom 
none A 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description constructing 
x-nlu-description intelligent 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description heart 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description representation 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description used 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description provide 
x-nlu-description deductive 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description declarative 
x-nlu-description portion 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description Declarative 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description consists 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description definitions 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description facts 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description default 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description deductive 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description called 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description classifier 
x-nlu-description utilizes 
x-nlu-description forward 
x-nlu-description chaining 
x-nlu-description semantic 
x-nlu-description unification 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description object 
x-nlu-description oriented 
x-nlu-description truth 
x-nlu-description maintainance 
x-nlu-description technologies 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description order 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description compile 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description declarative 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description into 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description network 
x-nlu-description designed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description efficiently 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description line 
x-nlu-description deductive 
x-nlu-description query 
x-nlu-description processing 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description implements 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description pattern 
x-nlu-description matcher 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description drives 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description production 
x-nlu-description rule 
x-nlu-description facility 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description pattern 
x-nlu-description directed 
x-nlu-description method 
x-nlu-description dispatching 
x-nlu-description facility 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description supports 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description definition 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description object 
x-nlu-description oriented 
x-nlu-description methods 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description high 
x-nlu-description degree 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description integration 
x-nlu-description between 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description s 
x-nlu-description declarative 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description procedural 
x-nlu-description components 
x-nlu-description permits 
x-nlu-description programmers 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description utilize 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description production 
x-nlu-description rule 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description object 
x-nlu-description oriented 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description paradigms 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description single 
x-nlu-description application 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description used 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description deductive 
x-nlu-description layer 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description overlays 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description ordinary 
x-nlu-description CLOS 
x-nlu-description network 
x-nlu-description In 
x-nlu-description this 
x-nlu-description mode 
x-nlu-description users 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description obtain 
x-nlu-description many 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description benefits 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description using 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description without 
x-nlu-description impacting 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description function 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description performance 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description their 
x-nlu-description CLOS 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description applications 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none maxent 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none maxent 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Python 
none C 
none version 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none homepages 
none inf 
none ed 
none ac 
none uk 
none lzhang10 
none maxent 
none _ 
none toolkit 
none html 
none http 
none homepages 
none inf 
none ed 
none ac 
none uk 
none lzhang10 
none maxent 
none _ 
none toolkit 
none html 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Java 
none version 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none maxent 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none maxent 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description Maximum 
x-nlu-description Entropy 
x-nlu-description Toolkit 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description constructing 
x-nlu-description maximum 
x-nlu-description entropy 
x-nlu-description maxent 
x-nlu-description models 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description either 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description Maxent 
x-nlu-description Entropy 
x-nlu-description Model 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description general 
x-nlu-description purpose 
x-nlu-description machine 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description framework 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description proved 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description highly 
x-nlu-description expressive 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description powerful 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description statistical 
x-nlu-description natural 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description processing 
x-nlu-description statistical 
x-nlu-description physics 
x-nlu-description computer 
x-nlu-description vision 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description many 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description fields 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description features 
x-nlu-description conditional 
x-nlu-description maximum 
x-nlu-description entropy 
x-nlu-description models 
x-nlu-description L 
x-nlu-description BFGS 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description GIS 
x-nlu-description parameter 
x-nlu-description estimation 
x-nlu-description Gaussian 
x-nlu-description Prior 
x-nlu-description smoothing 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description API 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description extension 
x-nlu-description module 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description command 
x-nlu-description line 
x-nlu-description utility 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description good 
x-nlu-description documentation 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description version 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description available 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Nyquist 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Nyquist 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none 2 
none cs 
none cmu 
none edu 
none music 
none nyquist 
none www 
none 2 
none cs 
none cmu 
none edu 
none music 
none nyquist 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description Computer 
x-nlu-description Music 
x-nlu-description Project 
x-nlu-description at 
x-nlu-description CMU 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description developing 
x-nlu-description computer 
x-nlu-description music 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description interactive 
x-nlu-description performance 
x-nlu-description technology 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description enhance 
x-nlu-description human 
x-nlu-description musical 
x-nlu-description experience 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description creativity 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description interdisciplinary 
x-nlu-description effort 
x-nlu-description draws 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description Music 
x-nlu-description Theory 
x-nlu-description Cognitive 
x-nlu-description Science 
x-nlu-description Artificial 
x-nlu-description Intelligence 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Machine 
x-nlu-description Learning 
x-nlu-description Human 
x-nlu-description Computer 
x-nlu-description Interaction 
x-nlu-description Real 
x-nlu-description Time 
x-nlu-description Systems 
x-nlu-description Computer 
x-nlu-description Graphics 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Animation 
x-nlu-description Multimedia 
x-nlu-description Programming 
x-nlu-description Languages 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Signal 
x-nlu-description Processing 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description paradigmatic 
x-nlu-description example 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description these 
x-nlu-description interdisciplinary 
x-nlu-description efforts 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description creation 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description interactive 
x-nlu-description performances 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description couple 
x-nlu-description human 
x-nlu-description musical 
x-nlu-description improvisation 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description intelligent 
x-nlu-description computer 
x-nlu-description agents 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description real 
x-nlu-description time 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none OpenCyc 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none OpenCyc 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none opencyc 
none org 
none http 
none www 
none opencyc 
none org 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Alt 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none projects 
none opencyc 
none http 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none projects 
none opencyc 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description OpenCyc 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description open 
x-nlu-description source 
x-nlu-description version 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Cyc 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description largest 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description most 
x-nlu-description complete 
x-nlu-description general 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description base 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description commonsense 
x-nlu-description reasoning 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description An 
x-nlu-description ontology 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description 6000 
x-nlu-description concepts 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description 60000 
x-nlu-description assertions 
x-nlu-description about 
x-nlu-description them 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Pattern 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Pattern 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none clips 
none ua 
none ac 
none be 
none pages 
none pattern 
none http 
none www 
none clips 
none ua 
none ac 
none be 
none pages 
none pattern 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Pattern 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description web 
x-nlu-description mining 
x-nlu-description module 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description bundles 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description data 
x-nlu-description retrieval 
x-nlu-description Google 
x-nlu-description Twitter 
x-nlu-description Wikipedia 
x-nlu-description API 
x-nlu-description web 
x-nlu-description spider 
x-nlu-description HTML 
x-nlu-description DOM 
x-nlu-description parser 
x-nlu-description text 
x-nlu-description analysis 
x-nlu-description rule 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description shallow 
x-nlu-description parser 
x-nlu-description WordNet 
x-nlu-description interface 
x-nlu-description syntactical 
x-nlu-description semantical 
x-nlu-description n 
x-nlu-description gram 
x-nlu-description search 
x-nlu-description algorithm 
x-nlu-description tf 
x-nlu-description idf 
x-nlu-description cosine 
x-nlu-description similarity 
x-nlu-description LSA 
x-nlu-description metrics 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description data 
x-nlu-description visualization 
x-nlu-description graph 
x-nlu-description networks 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none PowerLoom 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none PowerLoom 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none isi 
none edu 
none isd 
none LOOM 
none PowerLoom 
none http 
none www 
none isi 
none edu 
none isd 
none LOOM 
none PowerLoom 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description PowerLoom 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description successor 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description HREF 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description representation 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description constructing 
x-nlu-description intelligent 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description PowerLoom 
x-nlu-description uses 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description fully 
x-nlu-description expressive 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description representation 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description variant 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description KIF 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description uses 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description natural 
x-nlu-description deduction 
x-nlu-description inference 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description combines 
x-nlu-description forward 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description backward 
x-nlu-description chaining 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description derive 
x-nlu-description what 
x-nlu-description logically 
x-nlu-description follows 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description facts 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description asserted 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description base 
x-nlu-description While 
x-nlu-description PowerLoom 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description not 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description description 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description does 
x-nlu-description have 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description description 
x-nlu-description classifier 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description uses 
x-nlu-description technology 
x-nlu-description derived 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Loom 
x-nlu-description classifier 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description classify 
x-nlu-description descriptions 
x-nlu-description expressed 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description full 
x-nlu-description first 
x-nlu-description order 
x-nlu-description predicate 
x-nlu-description calculus 
x-nlu-description see 
x-nlu-description paper 
x-nlu-description PowerLoom 
x-nlu-description uses 
x-nlu-description modules 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description structuring 
x-nlu-description device 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description bases 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description ultra 
x-nlu-description lightweight 
x-nlu-description worlds 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description hypothetical 
x-nlu-description reasoning 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description To 
x-nlu-description implement 
x-nlu-description PowerLoom 
x-nlu-description we 
x-nlu-description developed 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description called 
x-nlu-description STELLA 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description Strongly 
x-nlu-description Typed 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description like 
x-nlu-description LAnguage 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description translated 
x-nlu-description into 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description PowerLoom 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description STELLA 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description therefore 
x-nlu-description available 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Common 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description versions 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none PyCLIPS 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none PyCLIPS 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none pyclips 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none web 
none http 
none pyclips 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none web 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description PyCLIPS 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description extension 
x-nlu-description module 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description embeds 
x-nlu-description full 
x-nlu-description CLIPS 
x-nlu-description functionality 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description means 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description you 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description provide 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description strong 
x-nlu-description reliable 
x-nlu-description widely 
x-nlu-description used 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description well 
x-nlu-description documented 
x-nlu-description inference 
x-nlu-description engine 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Pyke 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Pyke 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none pyke 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none http 
none pyke 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Pyke 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description inference 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description 100 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Do 
x-nlu-description both 
x-nlu-description forward 
x-nlu-description chaining 
x-nlu-description data 
x-nlu-description driven 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description backward 
x-nlu-description chaining 
x-nlu-description goal 
x-nlu-description directed 
x-nlu-description inferencing 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Pyke 
x-nlu-description may 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description embedded 
x-nlu-description into 
x-nlu-description any 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description program 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Automatically 
x-nlu-description generate 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description assembling 
x-nlu-description individual 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description functions 
x-nlu-description into 
x-nlu-description complete 
x-nlu-description call 
x-nlu-description graphs 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description done 
x-nlu-description through 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description unique 
x-nlu-description design 
x-nlu-description where 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description individual 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description functions 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description attached 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description backward 
x-nlu-description chaining 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Unlike 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description approaches 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description code 
x-nlu-description reuse 
x-nlu-description e 
x-nlu-description g 
x-nlu-description Zope 
x-nlu-description adapters 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description generic 
x-nlu-description functions 
x-nlu-description this 
x-nlu-description allows 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description inference 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description ensure 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description all 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description function 
x-nlu-description s 
x-nlu-description requirements 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description completely 
x-nlu-description satisfied 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description examining 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description entire 
x-nlu-description call 
x-nlu-description graph 
x-nlu-description down 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description leaves 
x-nlu-description before 
x-nlu-description any 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description functions 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description executed 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description optional 
x-nlu-description feature 
x-nlu-description You 
x-nlu-description don 
x-nlu-description t 
x-nlu-description need 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description if 
x-nlu-description you 
x-nlu-description just 
x-nlu-description want 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description inferencing 
x-nlu-description capability 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description itself 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none python 
none dlp 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none python 
none dlp 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none code 
none google 
none com 
none p 
none python 
none dlp 
none http 
none code 
none google 
none com 
none p 
none python 
none dlp 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description dlp 
x-nlu-description aims 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description contemporary 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Semantic 
x-nlu-description Web 
x-nlu-description technologies 
x-nlu-description Traditionally 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description application 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description computing 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description artificial 
x-nlu-description intelligence 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description aim 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description supporting 
x-nlu-description software 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description attempts 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description reproduce 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description deterministic 
x-nlu-description behavior 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description one 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description more 
x-nlu-description human 
x-nlu-description experts 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description specific 
x-nlu-description problem 
x-nlu-description domain 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description utilizes 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description efficient 
x-nlu-description RETE 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description algorithm 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description system 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Reverend 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Reverend 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none projects 
none reverend 
none http 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none projects 
none reverend 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Reverned 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description general 
x-nlu-description purpose 
x-nlu-description Bayesian 
x-nlu-description classifier 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description designed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description easily 
x-nlu-description extended 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description any 
x-nlu-description application 
x-nlu-description domain 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Screamer 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Screamer 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Latest 
none version 
none is 
none part 
none of 
none CLOCC 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none clocc 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none clocc 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Screamer 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description extension 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Common 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description adds 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description nondeterministic 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description Screamer 
x-nlu-description consists 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description two 
x-nlu-description levels 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description basic 
x-nlu-description nondeterministic 
x-nlu-description level 
x-nlu-description adds 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description backtracking 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description undoable 
x-nlu-description side 
x-nlu-description effects 
x-nlu-description On 
x-nlu-description top 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description this 
x-nlu-description nondeterministic 
x-nlu-description substrate 
x-nlu-description Screamer 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description comprehensive 
x-nlu-description constraint 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description one 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description formulate 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description solve 
x-nlu-description mixed 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description numeric 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description symbolic 
x-nlu-description constraints 
x-nlu-description Together 
x-nlu-description these 
x-nlu-description two 
x-nlu-description levels 
x-nlu-description augment 
x-nlu-description Common 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description practically 
x-nlu-description all 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description functionality 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description both 
x-nlu-description Prolog 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description constraint 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description languages 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description CHiP 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description CLP 
x-nlu-description R 
x-nlu-description Furthermore 
x-nlu-description Screamer 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description fully 
x-nlu-description integrated 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description Common 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description Screamer 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description coexist 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description interoperate 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description extensions 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description Common 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description CLOS 
x-nlu-description CLIM 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Iterate 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none SimpleAI 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none SimpleAI 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none https 
none github 
none com 
none simpleai 
none team 
none simpleai 
none https 
none github 
none com 
none simpleai 
none team 
none simpleai 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Python 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description implements 
x-nlu-description many 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description artificial 
x-nlu-description intelligence 
x-nlu-description algorithms 
x-nlu-description described 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description book 
x-nlu-description Artificial 
x-nlu-description Intelligence 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description Modern 
x-nlu-description Approach 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description Stuart 
x-nlu-description Russel 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Peter 
x-nlu-description Norvig 
x-nlu-description Emphasis 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description creating 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description stable 
x-nlu-description modern 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description maintainable 
x-nlu-description version 
x-nlu-description We 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description testing 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description majority 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description lib 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description s 
x-nlu-description available 
x-nlu-description via 
x-nlu-description pip 
x-nlu-description install 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description standard 
x-nlu-description repo 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description lib 
x-nlu-description architecture 
x-nlu-description well 
x-nlu-description documented 
x-nlu-description respects 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description pep8 
x-nlu-description guidelines 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description only 
x-nlu-description working 
x-nlu-description code 
x-nlu-description no 
x-nlu-description placeholders 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description future 
x-nlu-description things 
x-nlu-description etc 
x-nlu-description Even 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description internal 
x-nlu-description code 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description readability 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description mind 
x-nlu-description not 
x-nlu-description only 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description external 
x-nlu-description API 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description There 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description HREF 
x-nlu-description https 
x-nlu-description code 
x-nlu-description google 
x-nlu-description com 
x-nlu-description p 
x-nlu-description aima 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description https 
x-nlu-description code 
x-nlu-description google 
x-nlu-description com 
x-nlu-description p 
x-nlu-description aima 
x-nlu-description python 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description implements 
x-nlu-description these 
x-nlu-description algorithms 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description well 
x-nlu-description Though 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description hasn 
x-nlu-description t 
x-nlu-description seen 
x-nlu-description activity 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description while 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none SPASS 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none SPASS 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none spass 
none prover 
none org 
none http 
none www 
none spass 
none prover 
none org 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
none P 
none SPASS 
none An 
none Automated 
none Theorem 
none Prover 
none for 
none First 
none Order 
none Logic 
none with 
none Equality 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description If 
x-nlu-description you 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description interested 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description first 
x-nlu-description order 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description theorem 
x-nlu-description proving 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description formal 
x-nlu-description analysis 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description software 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description protocols 
x-nlu-description formal 
x-nlu-description approaches 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description AI 
x-nlu-description planning 
x-nlu-description decision 
x-nlu-description procedures 
x-nlu-description modal 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description theorem 
x-nlu-description proving 
x-nlu-description SPASS 
x-nlu-description may 
x-nlu-description offer 
x-nlu-description you 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description right 
x-nlu-description functionality 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Torch 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Torch 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none torch 
none ch 
none www 
none torch 
none ch 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Successor 
none A 
none HREF 
none AI 
none Alife 
none HOWTO 
none 7 
none html 
none Torch5 
none Torch5 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Torch 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description machine 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description Its 
x-nlu-description aim 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description provide 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description state 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description art 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description best 
x-nlu-description algorithms 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description will 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description forever 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Many 
x-nlu-description gradient 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description methods 
x-nlu-description including 
x-nlu-description multi 
x-nlu-description layered 
x-nlu-description perceptrons 
x-nlu-description radial 
x-nlu-description basis 
x-nlu-description functions 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description mixtures 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description experts 
x-nlu-description Many 
x-nlu-description small 
x-nlu-description modules 
x-nlu-description Linear 
x-nlu-description module 
x-nlu-description Tanh 
x-nlu-description module 
x-nlu-description SoftMax 
x-nlu-description module 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description plugged 
x-nlu-description together 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Support 
x-nlu-description Vector 
x-nlu-description Machine 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description classification 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description regression 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Distribution 
x-nlu-description package 
x-nlu-description includes 
x-nlu-description Kmeans 
x-nlu-description Gaussian 
x-nlu-description Mixture 
x-nlu-description Models 
x-nlu-description Hidden 
x-nlu-description Markov 
x-nlu-description Models 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Bayes 
x-nlu-description Classifier 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description classes 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description speech 
x-nlu-description recognition 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description embedded 
x-nlu-description training 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Ensemble 
x-nlu-description models 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description Bagging 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Adaboost 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Non 
x-nlu-description parametric 
x-nlu-description models 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description K 
x-nlu-description nearest 
x-nlu-description neighbors 
x-nlu-description Parzen 
x-nlu-description Regression 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Parzen 
x-nlu-description Density 
x-nlu-description Estimator 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Torch 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description open 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description whose 
x-nlu-description authors 
x-nlu-description encourage 
x-nlu-description everybody 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description develop 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description packages 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description included 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description future 
x-nlu-description versions 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description official 
x-nlu-description website 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description DL 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description H2 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description NAME 
x-nlu-description ss2 
x-nlu-description 2 
x-nlu-description 2 
x-nlu-description 2 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description HREF 
x-nlu-description AI 
x-nlu-description Alife 
x-nlu-description HOWTO 
x-nlu-description html 
x-nlu-description toc2 
x-nlu-description 2 
x-nlu-description AI 
x-nlu-description software 
x-nlu-description kits 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description etc 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description H2 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description These 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description various 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description software 
x-nlu-description kits 
x-nlu-description etc 
x-nlu-description meant 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description research 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description field 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description artificial 
x-nlu-description intelligence 
x-nlu-description Their 
x-nlu-description ease 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description will 
x-nlu-description vary 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description they 
x-nlu-description were 
x-nlu-description designed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description meet 
x-nlu-description some 
x-nlu-description particular 
x-nlu-description research 
x-nlu-description interest 
x-nlu-description more 
x-nlu-description than 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description easy 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description commercial 
x-nlu-description package 
none P 
none P 
none DL 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none ASA 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none ASA 
none Adaptive 
none Simulated 
none Annealing 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none ingber 
none com 
none ASA 
none CODE 
none http 
none www 
none ingber 
none com 
none ASA 
none CODE 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description ASA 
x-nlu-description Adaptive 
x-nlu-description Simulated 
x-nlu-description Annealing 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description powerful 
x-nlu-description global 
x-nlu-description optimization 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description code 
x-nlu-description algorithm 
x-nlu-description especially 
x-nlu-description useful 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description nonlinear 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description stochastic 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description ASA 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description developed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description statistically 
x-nlu-description find 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description best 
x-nlu-description global 
x-nlu-description fit 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description nonlinear 
x-nlu-description non 
x-nlu-description convex 
x-nlu-description cost 
x-nlu-description function 
x-nlu-description over 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description D 
x-nlu-description dimensional 
x-nlu-description space 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description algorithm 
x-nlu-description permits 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description annealing 
x-nlu-description schedule 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description temperature 
x-nlu-description T 
x-nlu-description decreasing 
x-nlu-description exponentially 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description annealing 
x-nlu-description time 
x-nlu-description k 
x-nlu-description T 
x-nlu-description T 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description 0 
x-nlu-description exp 
x-nlu-description c 
x-nlu-description k 
x-nlu-description 1 
x-nlu-description D 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description introduction 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description re 
x-nlu-description annealing 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description permits 
x-nlu-description adaptation 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description changing 
x-nlu-description sensitivities 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description multi 
x-nlu-description dimensional 
x-nlu-description parameter 
x-nlu-description space 
x-nlu-description This 
x-nlu-description annealing 
x-nlu-description schedule 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description faster 
x-nlu-description than 
x-nlu-description fast 
x-nlu-description Cauchy 
x-nlu-description annealing 
x-nlu-description where 
x-nlu-description T 
x-nlu-description T 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description 0 
x-nlu-description k 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description much 
x-nlu-description faster 
x-nlu-description than 
x-nlu-description Boltzmann 
x-nlu-description annealing 
x-nlu-description where 
x-nlu-description T 
x-nlu-description T 
x-nlu-description _ 
x-nlu-description 0 
x-nlu-description ln 
x-nlu-description k 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Babylon 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Babylon 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Archive 
none A 
none HREF 
x-nlu-url http 
x-nlu-description www 
x-nlu-description cs 
x-nlu-description cmu 
x-nlu-description edu 
x-nlu-description afs 
x-nlu-description cs 
x-nlu-description project 
x-nlu-description ai 
x-nlu-description repository 
x-nlu-description ai 
x-nlu-description areas 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description babylon 
x-nlu-description http 
x-nlu-description www 
x-nlu-description cs 
x-nlu-description cmu 
x-nlu-description edu 
x-nlu-description afs 
x-nlu-description cs 
x-nlu-description project 
x-nlu-description ai 
x-nlu-description repository 
x-nlu-description ai 
x-nlu-description areas 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description babylon 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description BABYLON 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description modular 
x-nlu-description configurable 
x-nlu-description hybrid 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description developing 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description Its 
x-nlu-description features 
x-nlu-description include 
x-nlu-description objects 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description forward 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description backward 
x-nlu-description chaining 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description Prolog 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description constraints 
x-nlu-description BABYLON 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description implemented 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description embedded 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Common 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none cfengine 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none cfengine 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none iu 
none hio 
none no 
none cfengine 
none www 
none iu 
none hio 
none no 
none cfengine 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Cfengine 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description configuration 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description very 
x-nlu-description high 
x-nlu-description level 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description building 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description administrate 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description configure 
x-nlu-description large 
x-nlu-description computer 
x-nlu-description networks 
x-nlu-description Cfengine 
x-nlu-description uses 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description idea 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description classes 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description primitive 
x-nlu-description form 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description intelligence 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description define 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description automate 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description configuration 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description large 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description most 
x-nlu-description economical 
x-nlu-description way 
x-nlu-description possible 
x-nlu-description Cfengine 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description design 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description part 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description computer 
x-nlu-description immune 
x-nlu-description systems 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none CLIPS 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none CLIPS 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none clipsrules 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none http 
none clipsrules 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description CLIPS 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description productive 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description delivery 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description tool 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description complete 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description construction 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description rule 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description object 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description CLIPS 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description cohesive 
x-nlu-description tool 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description handling 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description wide 
x-nlu-description variety 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description three 
x-nlu-description different 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description paradigms 
x-nlu-description rule 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description object 
x-nlu-description oriented 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description procedural 
x-nlu-description Rule 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description allows 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description represented 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description heuristics 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description thumb 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description specify 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description actions 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description performed 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description given 
x-nlu-description situation 
x-nlu-description Object 
x-nlu-description oriented 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description allows 
x-nlu-description complex 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description modeled 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description modular 
x-nlu-description components 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description easily 
x-nlu-description reused 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description model 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description create 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description components 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description procedural 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description capabilities 
x-nlu-description provided 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description CLIPS 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description similar 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description capabilities 
x-nlu-description found 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description languages 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description Pascal 
x-nlu-description Ada 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description LISP 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none EMA 
none XPS 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none EMA 
none XPS 
none A 
none Hybrid 
none Graphic 
none Expert 
none System 
none Shell 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none ema 
none xps 
none org 
none http 
none ema 
none xps 
none org 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description EMA 
x-nlu-description XPS 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description hybrid 
x-nlu-description graphic 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description shell 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description ASCII 
x-nlu-description oriented 
x-nlu-description shell 
x-nlu-description Babylon 
x-nlu-description 2 
x-nlu-description 3 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description German 
x-nlu-description National 
x-nlu-description Research 
x-nlu-description Center 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Computer 
x-nlu-description Sciences 
x-nlu-description GMD 
x-nlu-description In 
x-nlu-description addition 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description Babylon 
x-nlu-description s 
x-nlu-description AI 
x-nlu-description power 
x-nlu-description object 
x-nlu-description oriented 
x-nlu-description data 
x-nlu-description representation 
x-nlu-description forward 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description backward 
x-nlu-description chained 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description collectible 
x-nlu-description into 
x-nlu-description sets 
x-nlu-description horn 
x-nlu-description clauses 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description constraint 
x-nlu-description networks 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description graphic 
x-nlu-description interface 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description X11 
x-nlu-description Window 
x-nlu-description System 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description OSF 
x-nlu-description Motif 
x-nlu-description Widget 
x-nlu-description Library 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description been 
x-nlu-description provided 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Eprover 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Eprover 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none eprover 
none org 
none http 
none www 
none eprover 
none org 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
x-nlu-url http 
x-nlu-description www4 
x-nlu-description informatik 
x-nlu-description tu 
x-nlu-description muenchen 
x-nlu-description de 
x-nlu-description schulz 
x-nlu-description WORK 
x-nlu-description eprover 
x-nlu-description html 
x-nlu-description http 
x-nlu-description www4 
x-nlu-description informatik 
x-nlu-description tu 
x-nlu-description muenchen 
x-nlu-description de 
x-nlu-description schulz 
x-nlu-description WORK 
x-nlu-description eprover 
x-nlu-description html 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description E 
x-nlu-description Equational 
x-nlu-description Theorem 
x-nlu-description Prover 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description purely 
x-nlu-description equational 
x-nlu-description theorem 
x-nlu-description prover 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description core 
x-nlu-description proof 
x-nlu-description procedure 
x-nlu-description operates 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description formulas 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description clause 
x-nlu-description normal 
x-nlu-description form 
x-nlu-description using 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description calculus 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description combines 
x-nlu-description superposition 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description selection 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description negative 
x-nlu-description literals 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description rewriting 
x-nlu-description No 
x-nlu-description special 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description non 
x-nlu-description equational 
x-nlu-description literals 
x-nlu-description have 
x-nlu-description been 
x-nlu-description implemented 
x-nlu-description i 
x-nlu-description e 
x-nlu-description resolution 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description simulated 
x-nlu-description via 
x-nlu-description paramodulation 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description equality 
x-nlu-description resolution 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description basic 
x-nlu-description calculus 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description extended 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description AC 
x-nlu-description redundancy 
x-nlu-description elemination 
x-nlu-description some 
x-nlu-description contextual 
x-nlu-description simplification 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description pseudo 
x-nlu-description splitting 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description latest 
x-nlu-description version 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description E 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description supports 
x-nlu-description simultaneous 
x-nlu-description paramodulation 
x-nlu-description either 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description all 
x-nlu-description inferences 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description selected 
x-nlu-description inferences 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description E 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description DISCOUNT 
x-nlu-description loop 
x-nlu-description variant 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description given 
x-nlu-description clause 
x-nlu-description algorithm 
x-nlu-description i 
x-nlu-description e 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description strict 
x-nlu-description separation 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description active 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description passive 
x-nlu-description facts 
x-nlu-description Proof 
x-nlu-description search 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description E 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description primarily 
x-nlu-description controlled 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description literal 
x-nlu-description selection 
x-nlu-description strategy 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description clause 
x-nlu-description evaluation 
x-nlu-description heuristic 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description simplification 
x-nlu-description ordering 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description prover 
x-nlu-description supports 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description large 
x-nlu-description number 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description preprogrammed 
x-nlu-description literal 
x-nlu-description selection 
x-nlu-description strategies 
x-nlu-description many 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description only 
x-nlu-description experimental 
x-nlu-description Clause 
x-nlu-description evaluation 
x-nlu-description heuristics 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description constructed 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description fly 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description combining 
x-nlu-description various 
x-nlu-description parameterized 
x-nlu-description primitive 
x-nlu-description evaluation 
x-nlu-description functions 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description selected 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description predefined 
x-nlu-description heuristics 
x-nlu-description Supported 
x-nlu-description term 
x-nlu-description orderings 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description several 
x-nlu-description parameterized 
x-nlu-description instances 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Knuth 
x-nlu-description Bendix 
x-nlu-description Ordering 
x-nlu-description KBO 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Lexicographic 
x-nlu-description Path 
x-nlu-description Ordering 
x-nlu-description LPO 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Fool 
none Fox 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none FOOL 
none amp 
none FOX 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none rhaug 
none de 
none fool 
none rhaug 
none de 
none fool 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none FTP 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none ftp 
none ftp 
none informatik 
none uni 
none oldenburg 
none de 
none pub 
none fool 
none ftp 
none informatik 
none uni 
none oldenburg 
none de 
none pub 
none fool 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description FOOL 
x-nlu-description stands 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Fuzzy 
x-nlu-description Organizer 
x-nlu-description OLdenburg 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description result 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description project 
x-nlu-description at 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description University 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Oldenburg 
x-nlu-description FOOL 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description graphical 
x-nlu-description user 
x-nlu-description interface 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description develop 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description rulebases 
x-nlu-description FOOL 
x-nlu-description will 
x-nlu-description help 
x-nlu-description you 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description invent 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description maintain 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description database 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description specifies 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description behavior 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description controller 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description something 
x-nlu-description like 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description FOX 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description small 
x-nlu-description but 
x-nlu-description powerful 
x-nlu-description fuzzy 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description reads 
x-nlu-description this 
x-nlu-description database 
x-nlu-description reads 
x-nlu-description some 
x-nlu-description input 
x-nlu-description values 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description calculates 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description control 
x-nlu-description value 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none FreeHAL 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none FreeHAL 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none https 
none freehal 
none net 
none https 
none freehal 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description FreeHAL 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description self 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description conversation 
x-nlu-description simulator 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description uses 
x-nlu-description semantic 
x-nlu-description nets 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description organize 
x-nlu-description its 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description FreeHAL 
x-nlu-description uses 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description semantic 
x-nlu-description network 
x-nlu-description pattern 
x-nlu-description matching 
x-nlu-description stemmers 
x-nlu-description part 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description speech 
x-nlu-description databases 
x-nlu-description part 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description speech 
x-nlu-description taggers 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Hidden 
x-nlu-description Markov 
x-nlu-description Models 
x-nlu-description Both 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description online 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description download 
x-nlu-description version 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description TTS 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none FUF 
none SURGE 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none FUF 
none and 
none SURGE 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none bgu 
none ac 
none il 
none surge 
none index 
none html 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none bgu 
none ac 
none il 
none surge 
none index 
none html 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description FUF 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description extended 
x-nlu-description implementation 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description formalism 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description functional 
x-nlu-description unification 
x-nlu-description grammars 
x-nlu-description FUGs 
x-nlu-description introduced 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description Martin 
x-nlu-description Kay 
x-nlu-description specialized 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description task 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description natural 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description generation 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description adds 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description following 
x-nlu-description features 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description base 
x-nlu-description formalism 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Types 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description inheritance 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Extended 
x-nlu-description control 
x-nlu-description facilities 
x-nlu-description goal 
x-nlu-description freezing 
x-nlu-description intelligent 
x-nlu-description backtracking 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description Modular 
x-nlu-description syntax 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description These 
x-nlu-description extensions 
x-nlu-description allow 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description large 
x-nlu-description grammars 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description processed 
x-nlu-description efficiently 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description maintained 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description understood 
x-nlu-description more 
x-nlu-description easily 
x-nlu-description SURGE 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description large 
x-nlu-description syntactic 
x-nlu-description realization 
x-nlu-description grammar 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description English 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description FUF 
x-nlu-description SURGE 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description developed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description serve 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description black 
x-nlu-description box 
x-nlu-description syntactic 
x-nlu-description generation 
x-nlu-description component 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description larger 
x-nlu-description generation 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description encapsulates 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description rich 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description English 
x-nlu-description syntax 
x-nlu-description SURGE 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description used 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description platform 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description exploration 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description grammar 
x-nlu-description writing 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description generation 
x-nlu-description perspective 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none GATE 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none GATE 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none gate 
none ac 
none uk 
none http 
none gate 
none ac 
none uk 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Alt 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none projects 
none gate 
none http 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none projects 
none gate 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description GATE 
x-nlu-description General 
x-nlu-description Architecture 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Text 
x-nlu-description Engineering 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description architecture 
x-nlu-description framework 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description developing 
x-nlu-description evaluating 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description embedding 
x-nlu-description Human 
x-nlu-description Language 
x-nlu-description Technology 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description GATE 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description made 
x-nlu-description up 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description three 
x-nlu-description elements 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description An 
x-nlu-description architecture 
x-nlu-description describing 
x-nlu-description how 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description processing 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description made 
x-nlu-description up 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description components 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description framework 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description class 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description SDK 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description tested 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description Linux 
x-nlu-description Windoze 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Solaris 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description graphical 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description built 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description framework 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Grammar 
none Workbench 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none The 
none Grammar 
none Workbench 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none kun 
none nl 
none agfl 
none www 
none cs 
none kun 
none nl 
none agfl 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Seems 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description obsolete 
x-nlu-description Its 
x-nlu-description gone 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description site 
x-nlu-description though 
x-nlu-description its 
x-nlu-description parent 
x-nlu-description project 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description still 
x-nlu-description ongoing 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description Grammar 
x-nlu-description Workbench 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description GWB 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description short 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description comfortable 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Affix 
x-nlu-description Grammars 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description AGFL 
x-nlu-description formalism 
x-nlu-description Its 
x-nlu-description purposes 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description allow 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description user 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description input 
x-nlu-description inspect 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description modify 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description grammar 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description perform 
x-nlu-description consistency 
x-nlu-description checks 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description grammar 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description compute 
x-nlu-description grammar 
x-nlu-description properties 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description generate 
x-nlu-description example 
x-nlu-description sentences 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description assist 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description performing 
x-nlu-description grammar 
x-nlu-description transformations 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none GSM 
none Suite 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none GSM 
none Suite 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Alt 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none ibiblio 
none org 
none pub 
none Linux 
none apps 
none graphics 
none draw 
none www 
none ibiblio 
none org 
none pub 
none Linux 
none apps 
none graphics 
none draw 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description GSM 
x-nlu-description Suite 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description using 
x-nlu-description Finite 
x-nlu-description State 
x-nlu-description Machines 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description graphical 
x-nlu-description fashion 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description suite 
x-nlu-description consists 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description edit 
x-nlu-description compile 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description print 
x-nlu-description state 
x-nlu-description machines 
x-nlu-description Included 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description suite 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description editor 
x-nlu-description program 
x-nlu-description gsmedit 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description compiler 
x-nlu-description gsm2cc 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description produces 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description C 
x-nlu-description implementation 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description state 
x-nlu-description machine 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description PostScript 
x-nlu-description generator 
x-nlu-description gsm2ps 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description two 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description minor 
x-nlu-description programs 
x-nlu-description GSM 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description licensed 
x-nlu-description under 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description GNU 
x-nlu-description Public 
x-nlu-description License 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description so 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description free 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description your 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description under 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description terms 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description license 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Isabelle 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Isabelle 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none isabelle 
none in 
none tum 
none de 
none isabelle 
none in 
none tum 
none de 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Isabelle 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description popular 
x-nlu-description generic 
x-nlu-description theorem 
x-nlu-description prover 
x-nlu-description developed 
x-nlu-description at 
x-nlu-description Cambridge 
x-nlu-description University 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description TU 
x-nlu-description Munich 
x-nlu-description Existing 
x-nlu-description logics 
x-nlu-description like 
x-nlu-description Isabelle 
x-nlu-description HOL 
x-nlu-description provide 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description theorem 
x-nlu-description proving 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description ready 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description sizable 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description Isabelle 
x-nlu-description may 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description serve 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description framework 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description rapid 
x-nlu-description prototyping 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description deductive 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description comes 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description large 
x-nlu-description library 
x-nlu-description including 
x-nlu-description Isabelle 
x-nlu-description HOL 
x-nlu-description classical 
x-nlu-description higher 
x-nlu-description order 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description Isabelle 
x-nlu-description HOLCF 
x-nlu-description Scott 
x-nlu-description s 
x-nlu-description Logic 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Computable 
x-nlu-description Functions 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description HOL 
x-nlu-description Isabelle 
x-nlu-description FOL 
x-nlu-description classical 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description intuitionistic 
x-nlu-description first 
x-nlu-description order 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Isabelle 
x-nlu-description ZF 
x-nlu-description Zermelo 
x-nlu-description Fraenkel 
x-nlu-description set 
x-nlu-description theory 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description top 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description FOL 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Jess 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Jess 
none the 
none Java 
none Expert 
none System 
none Shell 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none herzberg 
none ca 
none sandia 
none gov 
none jess 
none herzberg 
none ca 
none sandia 
none gov 
none jess 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Jess 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description clone 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description popular 
x-nlu-description CLIPS 
x-nlu-description expert 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description shell 
x-nlu-description written 
x-nlu-description entirely 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description With 
x-nlu-description Jess 
x-nlu-description you 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description conveniently 
x-nlu-description give 
x-nlu-description your 
x-nlu-description applets 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description ability 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description reason 
x-nlu-description Jess 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description compatible 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description all 
x-nlu-description versions 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description starting 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description version 
x-nlu-description 1 
x-nlu-description 0 
x-nlu-description 2 
x-nlu-description Jess 
x-nlu-description implements 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description following 
x-nlu-description constructs 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description CLIPS 
x-nlu-description defrules 
x-nlu-description deffunctions 
x-nlu-description defglobals 
x-nlu-description deffacts 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description deftemplates 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none learn 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none learn 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none ibiblio 
none org 
none pub 
none Linux 
none apps 
none cai 
none www 
none ibiblio 
none org 
none pub 
none Linux 
none apps 
none cai 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
none P 
none Learn 
none is 
none a 
none vocable 
none learning 
none program 
none with 
none memory 
none model 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none LISA 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none LISA 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none lisa 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none lisa 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description LISA 
x-nlu-description Lisp 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description Intelligent 
x-nlu-description Software 
x-nlu-description Agents 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description production 
x-nlu-description rule 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description heavily 
x-nlu-description influenced 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description JESS 
x-nlu-description Java 
x-nlu-description Expert 
x-nlu-description System 
x-nlu-description Shell 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description at 
x-nlu-description its 
x-nlu-description core 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description reasoning 
x-nlu-description engine 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Rete 
x-nlu-description pattern 
x-nlu-description matching 
x-nlu-description algorithm 
x-nlu-description LISA 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description provides 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description ability 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description reason 
x-nlu-description over 
x-nlu-description ordinary 
x-nlu-description CLOS 
x-nlu-description objects 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Livingstone2 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Livingstone2 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none ti 
none arc 
none nasa 
none gov 
none opensource 
none projects 
none livingstone2 
none http 
none ti 
none arc 
none nasa 
none gov 
none opensource 
none projects 
none livingstone2 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Livingstone2 
x-nlu-description L2 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description reusable 
x-nlu-description artificial 
x-nlu-description intelligence 
x-nlu-description AI 
x-nlu-description software 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description designed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description assist 
x-nlu-description spacecraft 
x-nlu-description life 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description chemical 
x-nlu-description plants 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description complex 
x-nlu-description systems 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description operating 
x-nlu-description robustly 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description minimal 
x-nlu-description human 
x-nlu-description supervision 
x-nlu-description even 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description face 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description hardware 
x-nlu-description failures 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description unexpected 
x-nlu-description events 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none NICOLE 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none NICOLE 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none nicole 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none http 
none nicole 
none sourceforge 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description NICOLE 
x-nlu-description Nearly 
x-nlu-description Intelligent 
x-nlu-description Computer 
x-nlu-description Operated 
x-nlu-description Language 
x-nlu-description Examiner 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description theory 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description experiment 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description if 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description computer 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description given 
x-nlu-description enough 
x-nlu-description combinations 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description how 
x-nlu-description words 
x-nlu-description phrases 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description sentences 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description related 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description one 
x-nlu-description another 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description could 
x-nlu-description talk 
x-nlu-description back 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description you 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description attempt 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description simulate 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description conversation 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description how 
x-nlu-description words 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description related 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description words 
x-nlu-description A 
x-nlu-description human 
x-nlu-description communicates 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description NICOLE 
x-nlu-description via 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description keyboard 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description NICOLE 
x-nlu-description responds 
x-nlu-description back 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description its 
x-nlu-description own 
x-nlu-description sentences 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description automatically 
x-nlu-description generated 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description what 
x-nlu-description NICOLE 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description stored 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description s 
x-nlu-description database 
x-nlu-description Each 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description sentence 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description been 
x-nlu-description typed 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description NICOLE 
x-nlu-description doesn 
x-nlu-description t 
x-nlu-description know 
x-nlu-description about 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description included 
x-nlu-description into 
x-nlu-description NICOLE 
x-nlu-description s 
x-nlu-description database 
x-nlu-description thus 
x-nlu-description extending 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description base 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description NICOLE 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Otter 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Otter 
none An 
none Automated 
none Deduction 
none System 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none unix 
none mcs 
none anl 
none gov 
none AR 
none otter 
none http 
none www 
none unix 
none mcs 
none anl 
none gov 
none AR 
none otter 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Our 
x-nlu-description current 
x-nlu-description automated 
x-nlu-description deduction 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description Otter 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description designed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description prove 
x-nlu-description theorems 
x-nlu-description stated 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description first 
x-nlu-description order 
x-nlu-description logic 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description equality 
x-nlu-description Otter 
x-nlu-description s 
x-nlu-description inference 
x-nlu-description rules 
x-nlu-description are 
x-nlu-description based 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description resolution 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description paramodulation 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description includes 
x-nlu-description facilities 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description term 
x-nlu-description rewriting 
x-nlu-description term 
x-nlu-description orderings 
x-nlu-description Knuth 
x-nlu-description Bendix 
x-nlu-description completion 
x-nlu-description weighting 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description strategies 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description directing 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description restricting 
x-nlu-description searches 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description proofs 
x-nlu-description Otter 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description also 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description used 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description symbolic 
x-nlu-description calculator 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description embedded 
x-nlu-description equational 
x-nlu-description programming 
x-nlu-description system 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none PVS 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none PVS 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none pvs 
none csl 
none sri 
none com 
none pvs 
none csl 
none sri 
none com 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description PVS 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description verification 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description specification 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description integrated 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description theorem 
x-nlu-description prover 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description intended 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description capture 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description state 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description art 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description mechanized 
x-nlu-description formal 
x-nlu-description methods 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description sufficiently 
x-nlu-description rugged 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description used 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description significant 
x-nlu-description applications 
x-nlu-description PVS 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description research 
x-nlu-description prototype 
x-nlu-description it 
x-nlu-description evolves 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description improves 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description we 
x-nlu-description develop 
x-nlu-description or 
x-nlu-description apply 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description capabilities 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description stress 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description real 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description exposes 
x-nlu-description new 
x-nlu-description requirements 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none SNePS 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none SNePS 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none cse 
none buffalo 
none edu 
none sneps 
none www 
none cse 
none buffalo 
none edu 
none sneps 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description long 
x-nlu-description term 
x-nlu-description goal 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description SNePS 
x-nlu-description Research 
x-nlu-description Group 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description design 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description construction 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description natural 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description using 
x-nlu-description computerized 
x-nlu-description cognitive 
x-nlu-description agent 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description carrying 
x-nlu-description out 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description research 
x-nlu-description in 
x-nlu-description artificial 
x-nlu-description intelligence 
x-nlu-description computational 
x-nlu-description linguistics 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description cognitive 
x-nlu-description science 
x-nlu-description necessary 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description endeavor 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description three 
x-nlu-description part 
x-nlu-description focus 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description group 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description representation 
x-nlu-description reasoning 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description natural 
x-nlu-description language 
x-nlu-description understanding 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description generation 
x-nlu-description The 
x-nlu-description group 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description widely 
x-nlu-description known 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description its 
x-nlu-description development 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description SNePS 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description representation 
x-nlu-description reasoning 
x-nlu-description system 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Cassie 
x-nlu-description its 
x-nlu-description computerized 
x-nlu-description cognitive 
x-nlu-description agent 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Soar 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Soar 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none sitemaker 
none umich 
none edu 
none soar 
none sitemaker 
none umich 
none edu 
none soar 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description Soar 
x-nlu-description has 
x-nlu-description been 
x-nlu-description developed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description general 
x-nlu-description cognitive 
x-nlu-description architecture 
x-nlu-description We 
x-nlu-description intend 
x-nlu-description ultimately 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description enable 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description Soar 
x-nlu-description architecture 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description work 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description full 
x-nlu-description range 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description tasks 
x-nlu-description expected 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description intelligent 
x-nlu-description agent 
x-nlu-description from 
x-nlu-description highly 
x-nlu-description routine 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description extremely 
x-nlu-description difficult 
x-nlu-description open 
x-nlu-description ended 
x-nlu-description problems 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description represent 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description appropriate 
x-nlu-description forms 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description knowledge 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description procedural 
x-nlu-description declarative 
x-nlu-description episodic 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description possibly 
x-nlu-description iconic 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description employ 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description full 
x-nlu-description range 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description problem 
x-nlu-description solving 
x-nlu-description methods 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description interact 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description outside 
x-nlu-description world 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description learn 
x-nlu-description about 
x-nlu-description all 
x-nlu-description aspects 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description tasks 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description its 
x-nlu-description performance 
x-nlu-description on 
x-nlu-description them 
x-nlu-description LI 
x-nlu-description UL 
x-nlu-description In 
x-nlu-description other 
x-nlu-description words 
x-nlu-description our 
x-nlu-description intention 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Soar 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description all 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description capabilities 
x-nlu-description required 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description general 
x-nlu-description intelligent 
x-nlu-description agent 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none TCM 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none TCM 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none wwwhome 
none cs 
none utwente 
none nl 
none tcm 
none http 
none wwwhome 
none cs 
none utwente 
none nl 
none tcm 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description TCM 
x-nlu-description Toolkit 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Conceptual 
x-nlu-description Modeling 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description our 
x-nlu-description suite 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description graphical 
x-nlu-description editors 
x-nlu-description TCM 
x-nlu-description contains 
x-nlu-description graphical 
x-nlu-description editors 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Entity 
x-nlu-description Relationship 
x-nlu-description diagrams 
x-nlu-description Class 
x-nlu-description Relationship 
x-nlu-description diagrams 
x-nlu-description Data 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description Event 
x-nlu-description Flow 
x-nlu-description diagrams 
x-nlu-description State 
x-nlu-description Transition 
x-nlu-description diagrams 
x-nlu-description Jackson 
x-nlu-description Process 
x-nlu-description Structure 
x-nlu-description diagrams 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description System 
x-nlu-description Network 
x-nlu-description diagrams 
x-nlu-description Function 
x-nlu-description Refinement 
x-nlu-description trees 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description various 
x-nlu-description table 
x-nlu-description editors 
x-nlu-description such 
x-nlu-description as 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description Function 
x-nlu-description Entity 
x-nlu-description table 
x-nlu-description editor 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description Function 
x-nlu-description Decomposition 
x-nlu-description table 
x-nlu-description editor 
x-nlu-description TCM 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description easy 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description use 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description performs 
x-nlu-description numerous 
x-nlu-description consistency 
x-nlu-description checks 
x-nlu-description some 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description them 
x-nlu-description immediately 
x-nlu-description some 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description them 
x-nlu-description upon 
x-nlu-description request 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none Yale 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none Yale 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none yale 
none sf 
none net 
none yale 
none sf 
none net 
none A 
none LI 
none LI 
none Alt 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none rapid 
none i 
none com 
none rapid 
none i 
none com 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description YALE 
x-nlu-description Yet 
x-nlu-description Another 
x-nlu-description Learning 
x-nlu-description Environment 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description environment 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description machine 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description experiments 
x-nlu-description Experiments 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description be 
x-nlu-description made 
x-nlu-description up 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description large 
x-nlu-description number 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description arbitrarily 
x-nlu-description nestable 
x-nlu-description operators 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description their 
x-nlu-description setup 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description described 
x-nlu-description by 
x-nlu-description XML 
x-nlu-description files 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description can 
x-nlu-description easily 
x-nlu-description created 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description graphical 
x-nlu-description user 
x-nlu-description interface 
x-nlu-description Applications 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description YALE 
x-nlu-description cover 
x-nlu-description both 
x-nlu-description research 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description real 
x-nlu-description world 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description tasks 
none P 
none P 
none A 
none NAME 
none WEKA 
none A 
none P 
none DT 
none B 
none WEKA 
none B 
none DD 
none P 
none UL 
none LI 
none Web 
none site 
none A 
none HREF 
none http 
none www 
none cs 
none waikato 
none ac 
none nz 
none ml 
none lucy 
none cs 
none waikato 
none ac 
none nz 
none ml 
none A 
none LI 
none UL 
none P 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description WEKA 
x-nlu-description Waikato 
x-nlu-description Environment 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description Knowledge 
x-nlu-description Analysis 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description an 
x-nlu-description state 
x-nlu-description of 
x-nlu-description the 
x-nlu-description art 
x-nlu-description facility 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description applying 
x-nlu-description machine 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description techniques 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description practical 
x-nlu-description problems 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description comprehensive 
x-nlu-description software 
x-nlu-description workbench 
x-nlu-description that 
x-nlu-description allows 
x-nlu-description people 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description analyse 
x-nlu-description real 
x-nlu-description world 
x-nlu-description data 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description integrates 
x-nlu-description different 
x-nlu-description machine 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description within 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description common 
x-nlu-description framework 
x-nlu-description and 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description uniform 
x-nlu-description user 
x-nlu-description interface 
x-nlu-description It 
x-nlu-description is 
x-nlu-description designed 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description support 
x-nlu-description a 
x-nlu-description simplicity 
x-nlu-description first 
x-nlu-description methodology 
x-nlu-description which 
x-nlu-description allows 
x-nlu-description users 
x-nlu-description to 
x-nlu-description experiment 
x-nlu-description interactively 
x-nlu-description with 
x-nlu-description simple 
x-nlu-description machine 
x-nlu-description learning 
x-nlu-description tools 
x-nlu-description before 
x-nlu-description looking 
x-nlu-description for 
x-nlu-description more 
x-nlu-description complex 
x-nlu-description solutions 
x-nlu-description P 
x-nlu-description DL 

